[Music]
hey Sherlock wake up
yes I'm addressing you stop dozing off
before your phone screen let's do some
brain training while there are no cases
to deal with yeah
put on that sleuth hat and let's go in
the city where people are keen on brain
teasers and riddles 4% of people don't
list their phone numbers so if we select
40 random people from the phone
directory how many of them will have
unlisted numbers the answer may make you
indignant you open your math school
books after all but it's 0% if the
numbers of these 40 people are in the
phone directory they are already listed
by default your friend asks you for a
favor and gives you $5 asking to buy
something to eat something to drink
something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden at the
same time you're allowed to buy just one
thing what are you going to buy you can
go and buy a watermelon you can eat it
you can drink it you can feed the cow
with the rides and as for the watermelon
seeds you can easily plant them in the
garden Lucas lived in Paris but he
didn't like the Eiffel Tower so every
day he ate his dinner in the only place
where it couldn't be seen what was this
place
[Music]
Lucas always had dinner in a cafe at the
base of the tower an egg has to fall 100
feet but you can't let it break you
can't slow down it's fall or cushion its
landing how can you do it drop the egg
from a height greater than 100 feet and
it won't break for the first 100 feet
Pete called his wife and said he'd be
home by 8:00 he arrived at 8:05
they had no special plans but his wife
was still angry that he was late can you
guess why she was so mad the answer is
pretty simple there are two eight
o'clock's every day Pete should have
returned at 8 p.m. but he came home at
8:05 a.m. the next day no wonder she got
so mad
Brendan sat in a coffee shop and found a
fly in his drink how disgusting
he asked the waiter to bring him another
coffee after receiving the new Cup and
taking a sip he became angry
Brendan realized that it was the same
cup of coffee he had in the first place
how did he know that it was the same cup
of coffee
[Music]
it doesn't take a coffee expert to get
this one right
the second coffee was already sweetened
Brendan had put sugar in his first cup
before finding the fly okay let's
imagine you don't know what an elephant
looks like one day you're going on a
safari to watch animals with your
friends one of them points at a rhino
and tells you it's an elephant the other
shows you a hippo and claims that it's
an elephant who will you believe and why
the task was to imagine that you didn't
know what an elephant looked like not
that you didn't know what a hippo and a
rhino are it means you won't believe
either of your friends polloi with a
couple of lying friends like these stan
met a stranger he'd never seen before
stan heard about him but no descriptions
of his appearance were ever mentioned
nevertheless Stan understood immediately
who the guy was how is this possible
well some people just look more alike
than others the guy Stan met was the
twin brother of one of his friends Sam
is a truly special young lady she was
just 17 the day before yesterday next
year she'll be 20 already what's her
secret
Sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on December 31st so if
today is January 1st it's correct to say
that she was 17 the day before yesterday
she turned 18 the next day she'll be 19
on the last day of this year and next
year she'll be 20 its fitness day at
school and all the kids ran the same
distance each kid was ranked according
to his or her own unique result Billie
turned out to be both the 50th fastest
and the 50th slowest runner how many
kids are there at billy school even
though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer it's actually 99 Billy is the
50th in the sequence from 1 to 50 of the
fastest runners if he's the 50th slowest
there has to be 99 runners or ranked
from 50 to 99 mrs. Smith went to the
police claiming that her vintage
necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived they saw no signs of a break-in
no messed up locks no misplaced doors
only one window was broken there was a
total mess inside the house and dirty
footprints all over the floor
surprisingly the next day mrs. Smith was
arrested for fraud why
the police were sure that mrs. Smith
lied to them because the window was
broken from the inside if it had been
broken from the outside little pieces of
glasses would have been on the rooms
floor there are six glasses in a row on
the table the first three are filled
with orange juice and the other three
are empty sounds like I was there boy
was i thirsty okay never mind that your
task is to make full and empty glasses
alternate by moving just one glass how
can you do it
take the second glass and pour the juice
in the fifth glass you've been captured
and kept in jail for several months what
would you do ah never mind
one day you managed to open your cell
and get out into the hall there are
three exits a huge vicious-looking man
guards one of them the second has angry
dogs and in front of the third exit
there's a timer ticking down to an
explosion in five minutes which exit
will you choose
hey wait till the explosion is over and
get out through the third exit a tourist
who didn't know English came up to the
ticket counter at a New York subway
station one ticket cost fifty cents and
the man handed him one dollar the
ticketing clerk gave the tourist two
tickets without even asking how many of
them he wanted how did she know the
tourists gave her four quarters and she
immediately realized that if he wanted
just one ticket he would have handed
just two quarters James escaped from
prison and ran for the countryside
suddenly on a small deserted road he saw
a police car heading right at him James
ran toward the car for some time then
turned and rushed into the woods why did
he run toward the car first
James was in the middle of a bridge when
he saw the car he had to run toward the
vehicle to get off the bridge one night
a bunch of thieves were stealing boxes
with electronics from a warehouse and
carrying them to their van when they
heard a police car siren but even though
they didn't manage to avoid the police
they didn't get arrested why
they started to carry the boxes back
into the warehouse pretending to be a
late-night delivery a man is quickly
coming up on an open field he's got a
bag with him if he doesn't open the bag
before he reaches the field he's a goner
what's so hazardous that's in this
mysterious bag well the man skydiving
and in the bag
he has his parachute hmm good luck with
that to people who have never seen each
other before meet at a store start a
conversation and go for a walk in the
park one of them is the father of the
others daughter how is all this possible
they're a couple both blind from birth
so they've indeed never seen each other
a man carrying two bags with sand
crosses the Mexican border on a bicycle
every day customs officers regularly
check the bags and all the time they
contain sand it's obvious that the man
smuggled something but the officers
can't realize what it is exactly as they
don't have any proof the man crosses the
border without interruptions what is he
smuggle
this creative individual distracts the
customs officers attention with the bags
of sand but in fact he smuggles bicycles
newlyweds left for their honeymoon and
asked their neighbor to look after their
house when they returned the woman found
out that she'd lost all her expensive
jewelry because of a power outage
the woman had hidden her jewelry in a
supposedly safe place the house wasn't
robbed the neighbor was an honest person
the jewelry got lost by accident what
the heck happened
the wife hid her jewelry in the freezer
in a bag with frozen food after the
power failure all the food spoiled the
kind-hearted neighbor decided to help
and threw away all the bad food together
with the jewelry oh my goodness hey if
you learn something new today
like maybe don't hide your jewelry with
the frozen succotash then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life